headers.txt
Created Wed Sep 21 09:05:32 AKDT 2016
Copyright (C) 2016 by Raymond E. Marcil <marcilr@gmail.com>


Headers


"A header file is a file with extension .h which contains C function
declarations and macro definitions to be shared between several source files.
There are two types of header files: the files that the programmer writes and
the files that comes with your compiler."
--tutorialspoint.com/


A header file is a file containing C declarations and macro definitions (see
Macros) to be shared between several source files.  You request the use of a
header file in your program by including it, with the C preprocessing
directive ' #include '.

Header files serve two purposes.

o System header files declare the interfaces to parts of the operating system.
  You include them in your program to supply the definitions and declarations
  you need to invoke system calls and libraries.

o Your own header files contain declarations for interfaces between the source
  files of your program.  Each time you have a group of related declarations
  and macro definitions all or most of which are needed in several different
  source files, it is a good idea to create a header file for them.

Including a header file produces the same results as copying the header file
into each source file that needs it. Such copying would be time-consuming and
error-prone.  With a header file, the related declarations appear in only one
place.  If they need to be changed, they can be changed in one place, and
programs that include the header file will automatically use the new version
when next recompiled.  The header file eliminates the labor of finding and
changing all the copies as well as the risk that a failure to find one copy
will result in inconsistencies within a program.

In C, the usual convention is to give header files names that end with .h.
It is most portable to use only letters, digits, dashes, and underscores in
header file names, and at most one dot.
--gnu.org


Links
=====
C Header Files
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_header_files.htm

Header Files - The C Preprocessor - GCC
https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/cpp/Header-Files.html
